hi, this is the demo video for
visualizing the recipe, which is based off
the Food.com Kaggle dataset.
Our visualization is composed of
a scatterplot and a word cloud
and by using the dropdowns
on the x and y axes
a user is able to select attributes that
they may want to compare about a recipe.
So lets say they wanted to compare protein to calories.
By selecting these attributes on the x and y axes,
the graph itself also updates
accordingly to reflect these attributes.
We can then hover over a point to show
the individual recipe
or we can use a brushing mechanism
to get a list of all the recipes within a brush
and even
look at the specifics
of the selected attributes
and then we can click on the actual name itself
to get to the associated Food.com website.
We also have a legend that shows whether the points
are breakfast, lunch, or dinner items.
The word cloud on the right is composed of
the most common ingredients in all the displayed recipes
and therefore are the ingredients that a user is
most likely to have in their fridge (or on hand)
If i wanted to find a recipe that has just egg and onions,
I would click on egg, then I would click on onion
and now on the scatterplot are displayed
only recipes with egg and onion.
And I can use the button down here to clear all ingredients.
And reset it back to zero.
But let's say I wanted to look and save the recipes
that have eggs and onions.
I could go onto the scatterplot and click
on the point and the recipe itself is then
is then added to the table down here.
And I could keep adding these recipes
until I don't want to anymore.
Let's say I just added a breakfast item
and two dinner items,
and we can compare the individual attributes
and once we're done we can clear all the saved recipes.
And what's cool is we can also even go
to the Food.com website by clicking on the name itself.